There's one more thing
I'll tell you later
Hello
Honey?
Is that you, honey?
I’m the officer
Prisoners aren’t allowed to answer calls
Please wait a moment
Are you sure Ye Ci is still there?
Ye Ci is still serving her sentence
Could it really be just a coincidence?
Whether it’s a coincidence or not
We’ll know once we check
Do you remember any distinctive features
on Ye Ci’s body?
Distinctive features?
On her right ankle
there are two moles
That’s all we need
Mr. Duan,
may I ask where the restroom is?
Over there
Ms. Ye, are you okay?
It’s all my fault
I’m fine, just a bit careless
Ms. Ye’s ankle
seems a bit swollen
Let me apply some antiseptic for you
Okay
Sorry to trouble you
It does seem a little swollen
If you don’t mind,
I’ll help support you inside
What are you pretending for?
Is it really that serious?
Maybe I should just do it myself
I studied nursing at university
Professional work
should be done by specialists
What do you think, Ms. Ye?